There once was a big bad wolf in the woods. He loved to prey on little piggies who also lived in the woods. One day, 3 little piggies each decided to make a house. The first piggie made his house out of hay, the second out of wood, and the third out of brick.

The three little piggies were all hanging out in the first piggies house made of hay. They were having a birthday party celebrating all of their birthdays. It was time for cake and presents, so they lit the candles and all sang happy birthday to themselves and each other. When it was time to blow out the candles, suddenly they heard a noise from ouside. "I will huff, I will puff, and I will blow the house down!" yelled teh wolf as he blew away the entire hay house. The piggies retreated to the stick house and were sad that the candles were blown out by the wolf instead of them.

After retreating to the straw house, they believed that they would be safe from the wolf. So, they continued their birthday party celebrations, smearing frosting from the cupcakes all over each other. They were having fun until they heard the wolf exclaim again "I will huff, I will puff, and I will blow the house down!" He successfully blew down the straw house as well. Consequently, the terrified piggies fled to a brick house, thinking to themselves that there was no way the wolf would blow down the brick house as well.

So the little piggies kept having fun and eating more and more cake on their birthday. However, the wolf outside was licking his chops even more now, as he saw that if he got to eat the piggies, he would also get to eat the cake inside them. This made the wolf even more determined than before, and he declared that he would do whatever it took to blow the brick house down. "I will huff, I will puff, and I will blow the house down!" And he tried to do just that, blowing harder than he had ever blown before. But the house was built out of the heaviest bricks available, and it would not budge. Eventually, the wolf grew tired and left the little piggies alone, who celebrated long into the night.

(WHILE I HAVE 4 TEAM MEMBERS TOTAL (INCLUDING ME), THIS STORY HAS ONLY 4 PARAGRAPHS BECAUSE ONE OF THE TEAM MEMBERS DROPPED THE CLASS IN THE MIDDLE OF THIS ASSIGNMENT)
